CHANGELOG
=========

* 2.6.2 (05-19-2012)

 * [Http] Better handling of nested scope requests in CurlMulti.  Requests are now always prepares in the send() method rather than the addRequest() method.

* 2.6.1 (05-19-2012)

 * [BC] Removing 'path' support in service descriptions.  Use 'uri'.
 * [BC] Guzzle\Service\Inspector::parseDocBlock is now protected. Adding getApiParamsForClass() with cache.
 * [BC] Removing Guzzle\Common\NullObject.  Use https://github.com/mtdowling/NullObject if you need it.
 * [BC] Removing Guzzle\Common\XmlElement.
 * All commands, both dynamic and concrete, have ApiCommand objects.
 * Adding a fix for CurlMulti so that if all of the connections encounter some sort of curl error, then the loop exits.
 * Adding checks to EntityEnclosingRequest so that empty POST files and fields are ignored.
 * Making the method signature of Guzzle\Service\Builder\ServiceBuilder::factory more flexible.

* 2.6.0 (05-15-2012)

 * [BC] Moving Guzzle\Service\Builder to Guzzle\Service\Builder\ServiceBuilder
 * [BC] Executing a Command returns the result of the command rather than the command
 * [BC] Moving all HTTP parsing logic to Guzzle\Http\Parsers. Allows for faster C implementations if needed.
 * [BC] Changing the Guzzle\Http\Message\Response::setProtocol() method to accept a protocol and version in separate args.
 * [BC] Moving ResourceIterator* to Guzzle\Service\Resource
 * [BC] Completely refactored ResourceIterators to iterate over a cloned command object
 * [BC] Moved Guzzle\Http\UriTemplate to Guzzle\Http\Parser\UriTemplate\UriTemplate
 * [BC] Guzzle\Guzzle is now deprecated
 * Moving Guzzle\Common\Guzzle::inject to Guzzle\Common\Collection::inject
 * Adding Guzzle\Version class to give version information about Guzzle
 * Adding Guzzle\Http\Utils class to provide getDefaultUserAgent() and getHttpDate()
 * Adding Guzzle\Curl\CurlVersion to manage caching curl_version() data
 * ServiceDescription and ServiceBuilder are now cacheable using similar configs
 * Changing the format of XML and JSON service builder configs.  Backwards compatible.
 * Cleaned up Cookie parsing
 * Trimming the default Guzzle User-Agent header
 * Adding a setOnComplete() method to Commands that is called when a command completes
 * Keeping track of requests that were mocked in the MockPlugin
 * Fixed a caching bug in the CacheAdapterFactory
 * Inspector objects can be injected into a Command object
 * Refactoring a lot of code and tests to be case insensitive when dealing with headers
 * Adding Guzzle\Http\Message\HeaderComparison for easy comparison of HTTP headers using a DSL
 * Adding the ability to set global option overrides to service builder configs
 * Adding the ability to include other service builder config files from within XML and JSON files
 * Moving the parseQuery method out of Url and on to QueryString::fromString() as a static factory method.

* 2.5.0 (05-08-2012)

 * Major performance improvements
 * [BC] Simplifying Guzzle\Common\Collection.  Please check to see if you are using features that are now deprecated.
 * [BC] Using a custom validation system that allows a flyweight implementation for much faster validation. No longer using Symfony2 Validation component.
 * [BC] No longer supporting "{{ }}" for injecting into command or UriTemplates.  Use "{}"
 * Added the ability to passed parameters to all requests created by a client
 * Added callback functionality to the ExponentialBackoffPlugin
 * Using microtime in ExponentialBackoffPlugin to allow more granular backoff stategies.
 * Rewinding request stream bodies when retrying requests
 * Exception is thrown when JSON response body cannot be decoded
 * Added configurable magic method calls to clients and commands.  This is off by default.
 * Fixed a defect that added a hash to every parsed URL part
 * Fixed duplicate none generation for OauthPlugin.
 * Emitting an event each time a client is generated by a ServiceBuilder
 * Using an ApiParams object instead of a Collection for parameters of an ApiCommand
 * cache.* request parameters should be renamed to params.cache.*
 * Added the ability to set arbitrary curl options on requests (disable_wire, progress, etc). See CurlHandle.
 * Added the ability to disable type validation of service descriptions
 * ServiceDescriptions and ServiceBuilders are now Serializable
